#This file was created by <ralf> Thu Jan 20 21:43:02 2000
#LyX 1.0 (C) 1995-1999 Matthias Ettrich and the LyX Team
\lyxformat 2.15
\textclass article
\language default
\inputencoding default
\fontscheme default
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single 
\papersize Default
\paperpackage a4
\use_geometry 0
\use_amsmath 0
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\quotes_times 2
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default

\layout Subsection

Main window
\layout Standard

Only Preferences/windows and help/about are usable.
\layout Subsection

Sourcebrowser
\layout Standard

When a .cod file with source is loaded, there should be something in this
 display.
\layout Standard

There is an area to the left of the source, where symbols representing the
 program counter and breakpoints are displayed.
 Double clicking in this area toggle breakpoints.
 You can drag these symbols up or down in order to move them and change
 the PC or move a breakpoint.
\layout Standard

A right button click on the source pops up a menu with six items (the word
 'here' in some menu items denote the line in source the mouse pointer was
 on when right mouse button was clicked.):
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000


\series bold 
Menu
\protected_separator 
item Description
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Select
\protected_separator 
symbol.
 This menu item is only available when some text is selected in the text
 widget.
 What it does is search the list of symbols for the selected word, and if
 it is found it is selected in the symbol window.
 Depending of type of symbol other things are also done, the same thing
 as when selecting a symbol in the symbol window: 
\begin_deeper 
\layout Itemize

If it is an address, then the opcode and source views display the address.
 
\layout Itemize

If it's a register, the register viewer selects the cell.
\layout Itemize

If it's a constant, address, register or ioport, it is selected in the symbol
 window.
\end_deeper 
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Find
\protected_separator 
PC This menu item find the PC and changed page tab and scroll the source
 view to the current PC.
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Run
\protected_separator 
here This sets a breakpoint 'here'and starts running until a breakpoint
 is hit.
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Move
\protected_separator 
PC
\protected_separator 
here This simply changes PC to the address that line 'here'in source has.
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Breakpoint
\protected_separator 
here Set a breakpoint 'here'.
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000.0000

Find
\protected_separator 
text This opens up a searching dialog.
 Every time you hit the 'Find' button, the current notebook page is found
 and the source in that page is used.
 This dialog is similar to the one in netscape navigator, except for a combo
 widget containing previous search strings.
\layout Standard

These are the keyboard bindings:
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000


\series bold 
Key command
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

s,S,F7 step
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

o,O,F8 step over
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

r,R,F9 run.
 (currently the only way to stop running is to press Ctrl-C in the terminal
 window where the cli is)
\layout List
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

q,Q quit
\layout Subsection

Opcode view
\layout Standard

This a gui verstion of the disassemble command.
\layout Standard

Double click on a line to toggle breakpoints.
\layout Standard

This window has the same keyboard commands as the source browser.
\layout Subsection

Register views
\layout Standard

There are two similar register windows.
 One for the RAM and one for the EEPROM data, when available.
\layout Standard

Here you see all registers in the current processor.
 Clicking on a cell displays it's name and value above the sheet of registers.
 You can change values by entering it in the entry (or in the cell).
\layout Standard

The following things can be done on one register, or a range of registers.
 (Selecting a range of registers is done by holding down left mouse button,
 moving cursor, and releasing button.)
\layout Itemize

Set and clear breakpoints.
 Use the right mousebutton menu to pop up a menu where you can select set
 read, write, read value and write value breakpoints.
 You can also "clear breakpoints", notice the s in "clear breakpoints",
 every breakpoint on the registers are cleared.
 
\layout Itemize

Copy cells.
 You copy cells by dragging the border of the selected cell(s).
\layout Itemize

Fill cells.
 Move mouse to lower right corner of the frame of the selected cell(s),
 and drag it.
\layout Itemize

Watch them.
 Select the "Add Watch" menu item
\layout Standard

The cells have different colors depending on if they represent:
\layout Itemize

real register.
 These have a cyan background color.
\layout Itemize

alias register.
 These have gray background color.
\layout Itemize

invalid register.
 These have black background color.
 If all sixteen cells are invalid registers, then the row is not shown.
\layout Itemize

a register with one or more breakpoints.
 These has red background.
\layout Standard

The cells that are changed (,for example when hitting 's' for step and the
 instruction changes things in some registers,) have blue foreground color.
 The cells that didn't change has black foreground.
\layout Subsection

Symbol view
\layout Standard

This window shows symbols (doh), but there won't be so many until a .cod
 file is loaded
\layout Standard

You can filter out some symbol types using the buttons in the top of the
 window, and you can sort the rows by clicking on the column buttons (the
 ones reading 'symbol', 'type' and 'address').
\layout Standard

If you click on a line, one of these things are done depending of the type
 of symbol:
\layout Itemize

If it is an address, then the opcode and source views display the address.
\layout Itemize

If it's a register, the register viewer selects the cell.
\layout Subsection

Watch view
\layout Standard

This is not a output-only window as the name suggests (change name?).
 You can both view and change data.
 Double-clicking on a bit toggles the bit.
\layout Standard

You add variables here by marking them in a register viewer and select 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset 

Add watch
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 from menu.
 
\layout Standard

The right-click menu has the following items:
\layout Itemize

Remove watch
\layout Itemize

Set register value
\layout Itemize

Clear Breakpoints
\layout Itemize

Set break on read
\layout Itemize

Set break on write
\layout Itemize

Set break on read value
\layout Itemize

Set break on write value
\layout Itemize

Columns...
 
\layout Standard

"Columns...
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset 

 opens up a window where you can select which of the following data to display:
\layout Itemize

BP
\layout Itemize

Type
\layout Itemize

Name
\layout Itemize

Address
\layout Itemize

Dec
\layout Itemize

Hex
\layout Itemize

Bx (bits of word)
\layout Standard

You can sort the list of watches by clicking on the column buttons.
 Clicking sorts list backwards.
\the_end
